[VSEE-998] App-scanning 1.6 docs (#2597)
pivotal/docs-tap: scst-scan/app-scanning-observing.hbs.md

# Observability

> This topic provides information to help observe Supply Chain Security Tools - Scan 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This topic guides you through observing  Supply Chain Security Tools - Scan 2.0 as it it progresses through a scan.  This will help a user understand the each step of the scanning process.
```
